# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
I optimized the parameters using HyperDrive.
Then, I used Azure AutoML to find an optimal model using the same dataset
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

Below are the steps I follow:
Step 1: Set up the train script, create a Tabular Dataset from this set & evaluate it with the custom-code Scikit-learn logistic regression model.

Step 2: Creation of a Jupyter Notebook and use of HyperDrive to find the best hyperparameters for the logistic regression model.

Step 3: Next, load the same dataset in the Notebook with TabularDatasetFactory and use AutoML to find another optimized model.

Step 4: Finally, compare the results of the two methods and write a research report i.e. this Readme file.


## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement:**
this is Bank-marketing data, contains data about individuals and features such as their job, marital status, education, if they have loan, etc. it has 21 columns and 10000 rows.

The goal is to predict if a client would subscribe a bank term or not.


**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
